Add a way to retrieve battery level via HTTP (#10437)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_cookbook/track_battery_level.markdown

    device_class: battery
```
{% endraw %}

#### HTTP

> If you have configured Owntracks to send reports to your Homeassistant instance via HTTP you can use a template sensor. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have configured Owntracks to send reports to your Home Assistant instance via HTTP you can use a template sensor. 
```

> Replace deviceid with the set Device ID in Owntracks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Replace `deviceid` with the set Device ID in Owntracks.
```

{% raw %}
```yaml
sensor:
- platform: template
    sensors:
      your_battery_sensor_name:

>         value_template: '{{ states.device_tracker.deviceid.attributes.battery_level }}'

Reviewer: We should not retrieve attributes like that, please use `state_attr('device_tracker.deviceid', 'battery_level')` instead.
More information: <https://www.home-assistant.io/docs/configuration/templating/#states>
